connecting to the cloud server that was
scary hi welcome to GUI and in web
browsers bi-weekly call for 19th of May
20 20 some format may be better video
recording will see that I see Jessica
hosta
first and probably second items Jessica
do you want to jump straight to that oh
oh yeah all right I put this in these
notes like a week and a half ghost I
didn't forget and clearly they serve
their purpose so yeah so I've set up a
metrics dashboard in countly that is
basically a comparison of ipfs desktop
and web UI on a bunch of different
things countly does fire off every
Wednesday a very abbreviated version of
the latest stats it does it in an email
is like a giant image it's so so what
you're seeing is actually only some of
the stats because I'm the giant image
with all the stats was just like
completely unreadable if you are not
receiving this Wednesday email I think
everybody on this call should have
received one last Wednesday if you don't
let me know and I will make sure that
you get added to that distro list
there's nothing like totally totally
surprising in there as of yet the one
thing that it does point out is that
upgrade pace is very different if you
look at it a number of installs versus
number of sessions so it's really about
you know the people who are frequent
users have upgraded like most of them
have upgraded I didn't I didn't check it
this morning but the upgrade rate is
huge and then you got all these people
who you know downloaded desktop later
with a couple of times and never ran it
again so it's a very different view of
those metrics depending on the parameter
that you look at it and but um take a
look at the countly there's a lot of
interesting stuff in there second one is
also mine thanks Dietrich for helping
proof this for me I made some tweaks to
the install section of the IP FS website
just based on some of the things that
that I saw about like abandonment rate
like retention rate in in desktop and
web UI metrics I think you were
definitely getting in this situation
which we knew already of people just
downloading this thing for the fun of it
and not really knowing what it does and
then you know playing with a little bit
and realizing it doesn't serve their
need or it doesn't explain their need so
a small tweak to that I don't suspect I
don't expect to see a big change in
retention metrics but did change the
language on the install section of ipfs
thought IO just to make it clearer what
does what or who might want to download
what so would be interesting to see if
that makes any done in anything but it
was time those are mine I don't know
who's doing the design meaning I think
it's me okay so this is a quick PSA sort
of maybe I'll show my screen
maybe it will work this time yes yes yes
okay so I will be very brief
we introduced subdomain gateways in go
active as 0.5 and for the next release
we've been thinking about switching go
ipfs to new key format which is EDD
- I think - to 255 19 yes so problem is
the key is much smaller it's so small it
can fit in the CID so we would start in
line in keys the problem is that in line
key is 2 characters over the limits of a
single label in DNS so that's like a
hard limitation of DNS spec and a lot of
places actually implement that spec
which
means you are not able to ping domain
which is which has like two long
segments so there will be a design
meeting to figure it out what's the best
way to handle that we probe like we
probably could find a custom
representation just for this specific
kid the gist here is that we want the
default IP and s keys work pretty well
with subdomains but at the same time we
don't want to introduce anything we
don't want to lick any abstractions from
the web browser context down to our
stack especially to the Lib p2p which
should not worry about things like that
so I wrote a bit bit more here with some
ideas how we can fix it and not just for
that specific key type but for longer
see IDs for example if you use sha-512
it's super long and it's even longer
than the key and it has the same problem
so we need like a generic fix and then
we may or may not have a specific fix
for the keys so if you are interested in
joining that call add yourself here to
the list and I will send you an invite
that's it on this front and another one
is also from me so a bunch of develop
uri schemes got approved by IANA it's a
part of our work on with agalya on
getting protocol handlers for browser
extensions to the point where they are
much more useful than what we already
have in Firefox in chromium we don't
have anything so we want to push
boundaries across vendors in a like a
generic way that can be used by not just
IP affairs but all the projects so the
cool thing here and I
okay did I broke it we can see it we
write your whole browser perfect so it's
it's so small but here's the deal web
and here's
ipfs IP NS and I believe there's also
dots somewhere it is somewhere long
story short we got ipfs IP NS d web and
while we were at this we also got that I
believe security scuttlebutt as well and
that means those is this the first time
protocol lab just listed on our page
yes and it's listed like multiple times
yeah I think yeah multiple times yes so
that's cool it means it's formal its
formalized and you can use those
protocol handlers in places when it was
expected to be registered by Ayana
and it's a part of our work because if
someone wants to follow up the next step
it's white listing those key new
protocol schemes in the Web API called
registered protocol handler it's really
ready redirect only API right now but
that's like the first step to get them
to work without web class prefix there
and then the next milestone will be
taking that this API and making it more
powerful when executed in a web browser
web browser extension context so for
example like because companion would be
able to use it to register handler in
chromium and at some point in the future
we want to have a protocol handler in
which browser extension or maybe a page
is able to inject arbitrary byte byte
responses
similar to like how serviceworker works
or we'll see
but that's general direction of this
work and registering your eyes is the
first step I think that's it for this
psi if you have any questions feel free
to ask if not we can move to almost
shipped yeah so basically pierced are
related almost shipped thing so
basically that pierced our initial
endeavor is completely done in terms of
coding just a bit we everything is done
and merged in the just between 0.28
branch this basically includes the
address book
proto work and also something that it
was initial endoscope which is the meta
metadata boot and including also data
persistence for all of them so basically
now Oh another thing basically we talked
earlier about having metrics to for
these improvements on storing the peers
data and then restart and see how long
more along less would be to be connected
to all of the peers this is not done yet
because basically we want to use the
test ground for this and otherwise it
would be just a key tests in my laptop
but we are still waiting on the support
for Jason browser notes for that so
basically I'm kind of postponing that
until Google as the support so this will
come in I would I would recommend just
you have a quick hockey test anyway
locally so you get a ballpark figure
because Hugo's not gonna be able to work
on that for some time I think so you
might might be waiting a while okay so I
will make sure we we have before the
Phillies so this will come in the lipid
to be 0.28 release as I said so we
merged all these and also other stuff
regarding this release last week as well
Jacob is out this week so we are
planning on doing the release candidate
in the beginning of the next week
meanwhile we are losing this in the
energy in the lipid side of things I'm
mostly integrating it in jessup FS
basically it's almost done
there is a block around the bit swap
update that Alex is working on and I
don't don't foresee any further blockers
so hopefully we'll get these in the next
gen first release and that's it for the
beer store then I also added another
points which is the following and there
is no fee never so basically the initial
plan for my quarter would be there I
would work on this initial endeavor of
the piercer which is done no and then I
would work on the specs for the multi
other confidence in here scoring which
basically would be the next step in
their store in which we name in a lipid
to be as a piercer v2 which also go once
to have in their side this would improve
a lot the
dial performance of in connectivity in
general of the beers however this would
take a long time until we get to the
finish line and consensus with the go
team and considering that Jacob is with
low available in the browser context now
basically I talked with him and I
suggested that I should probably focus
on something more we did more immediate
value in the Rosewood context and so
basically we got aligned there I should
just work on the honeypot protocol for
now and basically I linked the notes on
the issue about where is the a little
bit behind info but for those of you
don't know basically the liberal hander
who is a protocol that will allow
general peer discovery and with that we
can it can be used for bootstrap
purposes also real-time peer discovery
and different application specific
routing basically this would be in a
decentralized fashion and instead of us
F as we currently have the WebRTC start
server and WebSocket start server for
the starter start server and all those
things that's basically create confusion
for the users and
basically I really inventing the wheel
once again with minor changes I know of
them and infrastructure for all of them
we basically just went to uniform all of
these and used the rely protocol and
secret relay to achieve connectivity and
with this I also hope to create proper
documentation for browser users so that
we can finally move on with all this
confusion about star servers and now
these words now we set up this and
basically have a more friendly
environment for browser users and yeah
that's it
I got a super quick question in case
someone wants to read about like alley
p2p specs there are two specs which I
just added to oh gosh I lost it now okay
so I've added tools links to specs on
the Lippe to be specs report one is for
rendezvous and one is for relays so this
will be based on the round everyone or
are those like specs out-of-date the
spec is up to date the render one
because basically go is also not
implemented yet there is a working
progress PR from visa for a while ago
but I think that then you shift to
something else and basically it has been
stalling for like a year or something so
I think Jess will be the first
implementation of that spec and if it
updates it will be according to the work
that we are doing and if something needs
to be changed we will discuss with Visio
and will update but for now I see the
best source of truth yeah make sense
especially like the browser context
would be that the most prominent users
of this next one congratulations on
landing all the pure sir
all the all the books the PDP has bunch
of books apparently say congratulations
on letting the library yeah it's done I
think it's also like work in Reichle
rating in some in case someone is
watching what is and I think he's about
I think if I mentioned that but there's
a link in the notes about the plan to
sunset star servers so it's like super
long arc from the probably the beginning
of the aquifers project when we had
those like temporary measures for
running hi professing web browser and we
still are using them so this is the plan
to finally do the right thing
I see ruffle is back so that's pretty
good because I was running out of stuff
I could say to stop
it's perfect perfect that's the current
topic shift ideas Destin alright yeah so
we should a profess desktop with plates
dependently are the most important was
the they go 0.5 thought wow that was the
main source of the plate and soon enough
maybe we'll also need another update
because we have an important a lot of
users have been building
there may be other similar appellate
issues so I need maybe I'll need to dig
deeper with Lydell later but we really
should pixel the plate next release your
users don't get it all over again so I'm
gonna do I think my priority that could
be to potentially the updating feature
and try to make it working 100% and also
increase the amount of log and error
logging we have in the plate feature we
can pray how many other exactly ablative
how many others are still being prompt
updating but haven't chosen complete yet
and all that information that could be
[Music]
so that's basically it super was this
year the first release that you got no
it's already a big one this year but
11.1 with made everything simpler and
then i deployed this one basically alone
we kept a good news since Lytle did a
good job of writing everything not
bother him again with the release
first first solo release yet basically
and the next topic is also mine so I can
keep it going
the file upload field I can almost in
feedback and all the important notes I
already answered you your feedback and
send you some videos I'm gonna turn my
screen that's no black screen there goes
maybe I should
lower my resolution because I think it's
on party 40p
we just switch that they need to be
better now it looks awful on my it's so
the fell applause I cannot directly tell
you everything about it because there's
a bug I think it's the I really need to
figure out where the problem is and
thank you for helping with it I think
the problem is in both the radix bundler
which doesn't directly provide feedback
when this or changes so when we have a
lot of changes like this progress is
being changed a lot of times there it
explained blur like bundles all the
teams and just provides feedback later
so when we actually want to tell the
progress we're growing there we cannot
do it because it's having too many
changes and the other one is also the
file upload memory and accredit directly
showed so we need to change that will
make working but nonetheless it says how
many files are imported I think it's
starting to collapse because I already
collapse it before do them and now it
keeps the record here I need to think
the fine between here and here because
this one has decimal cases and this one
doesn't
I'll show you other than that you can
see this you can collapse and just clean
it away continue to upload stuff the
file already like this we'll just see
hanging hanging window right here
innovation to the performance there you
can see that my memory is exponentially
growing which is a problem now but I
hope we'll soon get that we had a quick
quick straw poll for all you guys
because we had a discussion in the
thread about whether it was worth the
amount of work like if you notice
manuals word I can't pronounce no these
all have like well that should be the
generic file icon the one without any
like word lines in it it's just a little
sheet of paper mmm the we discussed the
amount of effort required and trying to
attach the correct file icon I at this
stage I'm leaning toward just having the
generic blank sheet of paper for
everything inside of that dialogue for
the sake of getting this in the hands of
people but since there's a large number
of us in the room I thought I would see
if anybody in this room objected to that
huh I'm gonna take that as a no it's a
yeah
yeah that's what I figure I mean like
eventually like if we were if we were
focused at that level of detail it would
be super cool if it matched the correct
icon but um yeah I think just the
generic folder or the generic file icon
I'll make a note of that in the in the
issues thanks Raphael meaning that it is
uploaded yeah so so there's sort of a
thing because we had talked about this
so in the long run we're gonna have a
legit like progress bar but we're not
able you know for the reasons that
Raphael just went over but often for for
many many many many files the transfer
speed is so fast that it would be just
like such a blip so I think I think it's
a cool idea but I might I might unless
you feel super passionately about it
hold off until we do get to the point
where we can have like a legit progress
bar a progress bar so it's indefinite
right now but it's indefinite right now
eventually it will be real but it is at
least saying things are happening so
cool by the way if I may mention one
thing is next item I think we may be
awake I think we skipped two seconds I
promise you all hated why do you hate
companion Lionel I I didn't add the
things that that you the changes that
you made it the upcoming companion
release but you you you cut up Veda and
you're real close to cutting a stable
right yeah I think what I did there are
like huge size reduction like Firefox is
it was 10 and now is 2 megabytes which
is ridiculous
basically I checked which types of
phones are supported by Firefox and
chromium and I removed everything that's
that like I think just like the best
type I like I already merged this work
on companion preferences that you did
and I will cut a better today and
probably a stable later changes suite
so the preference is now open in their
own tab so they don't look differently
ugly depending on what browser you use
and as of early this morning they are
now responsive I depending on depending
on what the final cut every day for the
docs eda going non-beta is I might be
able to get improvements to the welcome
screen in there there doesn't seem to be
much point in doing that if
the URLs are all gonna change like two
days after we do it though so I'll at
least I'll at least get a PR and there
so that we can we can talk over what
goes in the welcome screen but we may
not want to merge that if Doc's betta
hasn't officially launched by the time
you cut your release
might be a good oh that's okay
Iraq Lee it's all you
yes so I did look into their large file
upload memory growth issue partially
because that is something related to the
work I'm also gonna be facing with the
moving stuff like Rosa workers good news
is web platform is actually is able to
handle that and do the streaming venues
is currently Jerris IKEA pairs doing
through all the normalization that
happens in a pipeline kind of do this
some of the properties and that's why it
end up survey days but it's solvable so
we can do it one thing's for this
experiment I noticed that I think might
be worth emphasizing although I'm not
sure how common that would be said as I
was uploading huge files I know there's
that whole size versus whole library
like I think in the web UI we show two
sizes one is for the total size and one
of the specific thing you're looking at
and I end up with specific Singh being
smaller than their full size which I
don't think it's about these things that
makes sense because of deduplication but
I felt like maybe this is something we
can more emphasize better in the UI and
explain why is there might be a case
since it's a positive
I wrote a proposal for no cheering at
Rose browser context that I talked about
last week I think or two weeks ago I
guess it's in a notes which you can
provide feedback you should because it
would be very helpful I posted that to
the discussion group to ask feedback
from community it will be in the
newsletter
and I'll be talking to three books in
textile that's actually corner next week
to get a direct feedback from them as I
know they're the biggest or users that
use it in the browsers yeah so I want
things that I think I also end up
looking into it's if we will be sharing
IP up as nodes across browsers the
browsing context will have to be sharing
configurator
that means two things would have to
agree on the configuration I think this
is a problem actually is that is beyond
the browser once browser start shipping
in natively then users of my PFS won't
be able to say what the configurations
they want to use it will be proud
they're shipping with a specific
configuration so he's also the issues
that came up before with textile desktop
and radical and web UI certain on web UI
I preserve some all shippings are all on
ipfs notes
we just can't just your battery life and
it makes sense to have one configuration
that is best for this your environment
and have that so hopefully we can get
there probably incremental II I did a
preliminary analysis of the
configuration options that they have I
think some of those could be maybe
hosted out into specific API calls
others maybe not but we need to figure
out something I think there's also one
thing said who is in charge is the
important is I am better supposed to be
deciding some of this configuration
options or is it a user this decision
and treating them differently would be
important saying so if you care about
this and want to help please go to the
issues that I linked to and that would
be a way to help and yeah it's things
that sit probably oh yeah I now also be
talking to textile three books and other
users about this configuration sink so
to make sure that you understand how
they use it and what is important what
is not because it is a No
they really cares about it and it would
be easier to change to make it people
actually actively using it and it will
be a bigger problem that's it for me
thank you that's super useful I'm I
think you are aware but some time ago we
disabled window ipfs experiment for
multiple reasons one of them being
changed of API and like we've been
injecting the new version and/or the old
version and people been expecting the
new the other one long story short is
that I think we if we like reintroduce
window ipfs in some form that would
probably need to be aligned with this
like no that duplication work that you
do the like note in companion like
either embedded JSF EFS or the HTTP
client it's still like the single
instance could be like next to ipfs
desktop one of options right so I think
there's like an overlap of some
configuration options especially like
for JSI PFS which is embedded in brave
that's a really cool and an example of
we have like a custom configuration
that's specific for that environment but
that's just like there's probably like
multiple namespaces within the config
like we right now have a single config
and it's like everything there from the
data store network transports and even
like my own addresses which I will
announce myself we may want to get some
luck more gradual control that would be
interesting especially like for embedded
J's ipfs in brave so I just wanted to
mention yeah so I I just want to make
sure that they're insane right so is
ipfs exposing brave native on these
expectations that users will still be
able to configure and have different
configuration based of choices or am i
sin distilling yes so that's that's a
very good question like right now it's
an experiment
and if you basically have a input for
the json configuration of your node and
it's not one had 100% under control of
the user like things like which tcp port
is picked it's automatically like we
find a free one so user does not need to
like do anything so it's like a hybrid
mixture but that's that that's
interesting if we move forward we'll
probably like remove option to like
override everything and just give
toggles for a specific things that make
sense for example how much disk space i
want to allocate for this and people may
not care about transports
and you
you want to tell us about web UI
analytics yes just briefly so um I'm
kind of looking into where why people
might not be upgrading to the latest
versions of ipfs beer go ipfs as a
library or the demon Jaya Jaya ipfs
mostly used as a library and desktop and
to a lesser extent web UI but it kind of
ends up being a little bit messy but
seems like the analytics is broken down
by at least like what's the desktop
version and what's the web UI version
but it doesn't look like we currently
store anything about the go slash Jas
IPS version we don't record that in
analytics which I'm currently making the
most horrendous matrix of what versions
of web UI were shipped in what versions
of go IPs and desktop so that I can then
go like because it looks like go ipfs
went from two point four point four of
web UI to two point seven point two so
you know that anything in between didn't
ship with your IP of s so it's a desktop
version which then allows you to work
out oh this person desktop for this
version ago ipfs maybe gets a bit hairy
so that would be good to record that so
we can work out like what are people
actually running inside of these things
rather than me have to jump through many
hoops and web UI is recorded as a hash
of the like the cid in all the source
code it and no source code anywhere says
the version of web UI it's shipping
which is very frustrating you can't
search our source repositories you have
to look at commits for something that
looks like the word web UI a comment
next to those C IDs would be super
helpful for people to work out what
version is going on it or even shipping
web UI as a NPM dependency
doesn't sound crazy to me but maybe
there's some history there that I'm
missing the other thing I noticed poking
around in County is there's a lot of
errors and I don't know if anyone has
noticed this and gone like it's actually
it's not a problem
and there's specifically let me share my
screen briefly this one I think a lot of
windows open right now there's a bit
here that the 28th of April was when 0.5
came out and I guess we also released a
version of desktop it looks like there's
some unique crashes that we've seen I'm
not quite sure what unique means if it's
a person or if it's it's a type of it's
it's the actual type of crash so a new a
new name for a crash or some kind of
exception that we've not seen before
others like I like that we get new ones
all the time now whereas before although
like obviously down here we are getting
crashes they were all the same crash
whereas now they're all unique crashes
like what's up with that I suspect
there's like a path with maybe user
account name in the error the ID ended
up with and then we have these down here
so possibly people are having a bad time
but we can tell it's interesting as well
to look at where was it a different page
I was looking at in
it's the over 30 days ipfs in it failed
five half a million times whereas like
move a file or write a file a thousand
times this number is gigantic compared
to everything else which makes me think
there's something going on like is
probably not causing most people to have
a bad time but there's something
happening either weird logging stuff the
week yeah we should check where where we
actually capture maybe it's like typo
maybe it's like actually different
action and just the label because it's
like it does not make so much sense
I mean not completely trusting in the
accuracy of these event labels
there's through a couple of other things
that were sort of weird as well okay so
maybe I shouldn't look too much into
that I'm mostly interested in seeing
like is there what's the kind of like
uptake on desktop for shipping 0.5 and
above which I think I can work out but
also making it easier to do that in the
future so that we have a good idea of
like is there stop driving any adoption
or is it just a very small piece
compared to other things and then webui
shipped in more things people are
obviously using web UI when not using
desktop but we don't get much
information aside from the version of
web UI to be able to debug or find out
more what's going on there so is there
is it worth me opening an issue too
I discuss this more on not even sure
where I think or in what people yeah III
think Hui to make sense to open an issue
in web UI repo because my understanding
is like actually the most of metrics
that we gather from web UI the desktop
just had a few additional labels but
still the most of metrics are gathered
in web UI and let whether I itself could
like detect the note type which it is
connected to and report out
so that's will be pretty useful to find
the gaps that we like our like blind
spots right now I know that in the ipfs
desktop when you run web UI inside of
electron I changed the user agent to the
version of desktop not sure if it's
useful but at least it's no longer like
electron version yeah I can see that in
the in one of the dashboards the the
kind of the other thing that I was
looking at I've lost my own page I was
on um I was trying to kind of work out
where so we have web UI dot ipfs to I
have which is like it's there you can go
to it and arbitrary run that and it will
fail oh we do we have analytics on that
hosted version of the web you some if
someone opted in
you should sisters so maybe that's a
source of some of the errors because if
you just open that without I'd be a best
running so what I was thinking if
desktop is not running it fails to
connect to the it don't see means we
need a better label okay
um well that answers all my questions
and if you're gonna open if you're gonna
open a sort of
amend countly collecting stuff ticket
I would I would vote that as far as I
can tell we do not have an ad via
desktop event in web UI which I'd like
to I'd like to start tracking and then I
don't see any events for pinning and now
it also that's gonna get more and more
important as we start thinking about
integrating a pending API it would be
super cool if we can add some events for
for pinning activities both end we're
doesn't buy a desktop do you mean like
dragging from someone's desk top or like
add via
no no no add via appia your your OS
desktop yeah okay yeah because we have
that it's interesting to see that you
know it's just like a subset of general
like files right and we have that for we
have those events captured in ipfs
desktop but we don't have adviye OS
desktop as far as I could find it as a
discrete event in web UI something
probably kind kind of related is the
fact that right now when we ship web UI
with ipfs go ipfs or JSF GFS we like
hard-coded that version that Angie
mentioned that knowing to track and that
means those sort of like every go idea
festinger's ipfs release ships we've
hard-coded web UI which cannot be
effectively upgraded unless you upgrade
go ipfs or jess ipfs itself if you run
active has desktop it bundles web UI
inside
if you run ipfs companion historically
we were embedding the cid and we were
ahead of everyone else but to reduce
like maintenance and different versions
we now use the version that's hard-coded
in Coweta vessel or JSF DFS that is me
providing question like the question or
idea that
historically I think there's an open
issue to allow opening web UI from the
API port
not just about that hard-coded CID but
also the DNS link name which is at web
UI that ipfs IO and that got sort of
like a past Steven was not comfortable
with going ahead with that because it
relies on the assumption that the DNS
link from the DNS points at the reel web
UI not like someone could the man in the
middle at the DNS level and inject a
different version of web UI that's why
we don't have this like rolling release
cause right now when we I believe which
we managed to master their web UI ipfs
IO is updated and if you will merge to
release or something like that the web
UI is updated or the other way around so
we like we could have a rolling release
of web UI the problem is we don't want
to do that as default because we want to
ship like the version that's tested with
against a specific goal PFS version but
I want to figure out a way to provide an
easier way for people to opt in to the
latest web UI and I think like in
companion at least we could historically
we've been playing with modifying the
original header to pretend that we
loaded web UI from the API port and that
removed the manual step of setting
course headers on go ipfs daemon to
allow logging web UI
it will allow accessing api from a
gateway port I'm just like interested if
we because we also are planning to like
not planning but we are discussing to
stop bundling web UI
inside of electron browser and instead
ipfs desktop just having like a menu
item for status and files and that link
would open in a browser
which the which the surveys seemed to
support at this point sorry that are up
to you but so far that looks like don't
yes so it's like actually I hope to have
a like short description but it's
actually like a lot of moving pieces
right here and long story short is that
we we probably will have to figure it
out a way of making it easier for people
to opt-in to the latest web UI really
cycle of go ipfs which is like six weeks
unless we are a lot comfortable with
aligning with that release cycle maybe
that's a good way moving forward but to
me it's like an open question either we
align ourselves with recycles of go FS
maybe J's ipfs will follow or we may
need to find a way B that with companion
or not of letting users to opt in to the
latest version I don't think it's
possible without companion actually so
yeah that's a hard cookie ask a question
so I think one problem that you
mentioned work or setters and that's
something that came up before as well it
seems that maybe solving the core setter
might unlock many opportunities here
specifically like these are reason why
webview it can't be just in web app set
users IP FS internally sideways and you
could go to the actually code load with
a hash of the web UI relates or it could
go to the web UI the write has that
command it will automatically make when
to the various hash but it could like
it's actually like it is a web app and
you can do that you can load web that
hash from the gateway from a public
gateway or local gateway the problem is
that if you load it from the gate
port it will have a different origin
than your API pad and then you need leg
add those course headers and this is
like just a problem of user experience
it's not like we would like if someone
opens click a link in web UI inactive as
desktop we don't want to ask people we
don't want to greet people with that
error you need to type this stuff in
console to make yeah that was my point
can we fix it I think we should if
you're on desktop we could show the
prompt you can click the prompt and get
the course header set up we don't use
desktop then maybe something we can
figure out for the demon version as well
exactly that's that's what I would love
to figure out how to remove that manual
step at least for desktop I think it's
possible if we pass the address the
potential small problem is that in go I
give s if you update configuration it's
not like a live reload not everything is
life reload that you need to stop and
start node and that's like pretty big
requires some refactoring bingo 80 of us
can some holes maybe sir because it
seems like the core setters made this
really need to be loading in memory it's
like you know at the request time
especially optional anyway if there's an
issue I think that would be interesting
to look into that's also something I
wanna have regardless I think there's an
issue at least for the partners stuff
with cores and DNS link security and
opting into the latest version I would
find it and add it to the notes after
the call I think we got three minutes
left so I I propose we we get those
three minutes back unless there are like
super important topics you want to bring
two minutes before the end of the call I
don't think so right all right so thank
you so much for joining this week see
you probably sooner but on this call in
two weeks
I hear we just want to stay on this call
go get your coffee or whatever and come
back in a sec I have coffee I've
consumed all the coffee I'm